fix: The  aggs result of NestedAggregator with sub NestedAggregator may be not accurately (#13324)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch: CHANGELOG.md

- Improve the error messages for _stats with closed indices ([#13012](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/13012))
- Ignore BaseRestHandler unconsumed content check as it's always consumed. ([#13290](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/13290))
- Fix mapper_parsing_exception when using flat_object fields with names longer than 11 characters ([#13259](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/13259))

> - The aggs result of NestedAggregator with sub NestedAggregator may be not accurately  ([#13324](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/13324))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix aggregation result of NestedAggregator when it has a subAggregation with another NestedAggregator ([#13324](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/13324))
```

Reviewer: Changelog format spec: https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/
